## Create the docker file `Dockerfile`
```
# Set the base image to Ubuntu
FROM python:3.7

# Upgrade the pip
RUN pip install --upgrade pip
RUN pip install --upgrade setuptools

# Copy the current directory contents into the container at /app
WORKDIR /app
COPY . .

# Install any needed packages specified in requirements.txt
RUN pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run app.py when the container launches
CMD ["python", "app.py"]
```

`docker build -t spacyapp:1 -f Dockerfile .`

## Add missing command
`RUN python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm`

## Run the docker image
`docker run -t spacyapp:1`

## Run the curl command
`curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"text":"Infrrd.ai provides best in class solution for IDP"}' http://127.0.0.1:5000/predict`
> We see there is connection issue

## Lets see what is the issue
When you run an application inside a Docker container, it runs in its own isolated environment. By default, the application inside the container can only be accessed from within the container itself and not from the host machine or the outside world.

To make the application accessible from the host machine or the outside world, you need to "expose" the port that the application is running on. This allows the port to be accessed from outside the container.

When you expose a port, it maps the port inside the container to a port on the host machine. For example, if you expose port 5000 on the container, it might map to port 5000 on the host machine.

## Run with port mapping
`docker run -p 5000:5000 --name app spacyapp:1`


## Run the curl command
`curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"text":"Infrrd.ai provides best in class solution for IDP"}' http://127.0.0.1:5000/predict`
> We see there is connection issue

## Lets see what is the issue
By default, Flask listens on localhost (127.0.0.1) inside the container. If you want to access the Flask app from outside the container, you need to bind the Flask app to 0.0.0.0, which listens on all available network interfaces.
 
 Change the line in `app.py`
 `app.run(host="0.0.0.0",port=5000, debug=True)`

## Do the docker build again 
`docker build -t spacyapp:1 -f Dockerfile .`

## Docker run the image
`docker run -p 5000:5000 --rm --name app spacyapp:1`

## Run the curl command again
**Success**











